program is loaded .black.circle
  begin setup loop .green.circle
    do cards exist in localstorage? .diamond.yellow
      yes: attempt to load them .circle
        error? .diamond.yellow
          yes: prompt user - corrupted, what do? .diamond.yellow
            delete: delete all and start over
              entries = `[]`
                (end setup loop)
            fix: save the JSON so the user can reupload it
              (end setup loop)
          no: add them to the current cards .circle
            entries = `[...localStorageEntries, entries]` .circle
              (end setup loop)
      no: setup complete!
        (end setup loop)
end setup loop
  do both... .circle
    await user input .circle
      user presses button - which? .yellow.diamond.circle
        study: take to study screen .circle
          are cards currently due?
            yes: show the card that became due before the others .circle
              when user answers, is it correct? .circle
                yes: give new due date .circle
                no: reduce due date depending on severity .circle
            no: show "no cards are due" message .circle
        decks: take to deck screen
          user can click deck to view cards
          user can edit and delete cards from there
          user can edit/delete decks - cards vanish too
        card creator: take to card creator
          user enters card info .circle
            user hits submit .circle
              card is assigned default date .circle
                card is added to deck .circle
    begin check-for-dues loop .green
      EVERY N SECONDS - default n = 5 .orange
        are cards due? .yellow.diamond
          yes: did number of due cards change since last check? .diamond.yellow
            yes: change main screen count of due cards
              turn screen slightly pink, or some other similar subtle visual indicator
                are alerts on? .diamond.yellow
                  yes: alert
                    make sure to check that desktop notifs work too
            no: (wait N seconds)
          no: wait N seconds
            check again
              (are cards due?)
